TEAM 20:
Janardhan R.
Michael M.
Maaz A.
Shantanu G.
Ashik E.

Group members foucs areas:
Janardhan R. - focus on working the parser and interpreter
Michael M. - focus on parser, interpreter, testing
Maaz A. - focus on lexical, parser, and interpreter
Shantanu G - focus on the lexical for the moment
Ashik E. - focus on the parser, interpreter, testing


March 31
All members participated and discussed on how to work in the project via a Zoom meeting.

April 4
Michael M. - Wrote the basic description of the language document.

April 5
Janardhan R - Made few changes to the language document and created a basic DCG for the language DReaM

April 6
Janardhan R - Created a BNF for the language DReaM

April 6 
Shantanu O. - added incrementer decrementer operator also added BNF for it.

April 6
Shantanu O. - added evaluator details.

April 6
Ashik E. - Generating a parse tree for the grammar in the language
Maaz Ahmed. - Added lexer, parser and interpreter details to the language document.

April 6
Michael M. - Reviewing and adding a comment struct.

April 15
Michael M. - Working with the lexical.

April 16
Michael M. - Working with the DCG grammer.

April 18
Michael M. - Working with the DCG grammer.

April 19
Michael M. - Working with DCG grammer and evaluator.
Maaz Ahmed - Worked with the evaluator

April 20
Michael M. - Working with grammer and evaluator.

April 21
Michael M. - Working with grammer and evaluator.

April 22
Shantanu O.- worked on Tokenizer with Michael to make dcg and java code for it

April 23
Janardhan R - Updated the patch to grammer and evaluation

April 23
Maaz Ahmed - Updated the editorWindow UI and other

April 24
Maaz Ahmed - Fixed evaluation and test files
Maaz Ahmed - Fixes to boolean and few other evaluations
shantanu O.- added more detailed program to show our programs new feature
Janardhan R- Fixed For loop evaluation

April 24-25
Michael M - testing and fixing. Updating the language specification document.

April 25
Maaz Ahmed - Fixing executor class, UI modification and minor bug fixes 
Michael M - preparing presentations and did small bug fix.

April 28
Shantanu O.- Added JavaDoc to the all the java files

April 29
Shantanu O.- Added Save as button